***Exercises

**Use manipulators where seems to be useful.

    Write a program to set a structure to hold a date (mm,dd and yy), assign values to the members of the structure and print out the values in the format 11/28/2004 by function. Pass the structure to the function
    Write a program using the function overloading that converts feet to inches. Use function with no argument, one argument and two arguments. Decide yourself the types of arguments. Use pass by reference in any one of the function above.
    Define two namespaces: Square and Cube. In both the namespaces, define an integer variable named "num" and a function named "fun". The "fun" function in "Square" namespace, should return the square of an integer passed as an argument while the "fun" function in "Cube" namespace, should return the cube of an integer passed as an argument. In the main function, set the integer variables "num" of both the namespaces with different values. Then, compute and print the cube of the integer variable "num" of the "Square" namespace using the "fun" function of the "Cube" namespace and the square of the integer variable "num" of the "Cube" namespace using the "fun" function of the "Square" namespace.
    Write a function that passes two temperatures by reference and sets the larger of the two numbers to 100 by using return by reference.
    Assume that employee will have to pay 10 percent income tax to the government. Ask user to enter the employee salary. Use inline function to display the net payment to the employee by the company.
    Write a program that displays the current monthly salary of chief executive officer, information officer, and system analyst, programmer that has been increased by 9, 10, 12, and 12 percentages respectively in year 2010. Let us assume that the salaries in year 2009 are

Chief executive officer Rs. 35000/m
Information officer Rs. 25000/m
System analyst Rs. 24000/m
Programmer Rs. 18000/m
Make function that takes two arguments; one salary and other increment. Use proper default argument.
